I put all the sweet memories in the sky so that they will be with me at any time anywhere. I am telling the sky that Destiny said he is a significant one in my life. Then the sky keeps quiet and all those memories start to slowly drop on the ground one by one, slower than the rain but faster than the I can capture each of them and embed them in my heart. The earth swallowed all those tiny memories in front of me and he said, these are as sweet as candy. I smiled bitterly and saying, “you have just ate my memories about him, could you return them back to me?” The Earth said, “could you return those you have already swallowed?” I am crying to the sky and asking what can I do, the sky keeps quiet and keep dropping all of my memories one by one, sounds like it is saying, “don’t feel sad my child, tomorrow you still need to drive the car and need to be focused….”. I keep asking, “is he going to to return back?”…. But there is only silence.

How can I give up looking for the answer when there is only silence, so I climbed on the top of the mountain, the wind was very strong, Destiny was sitting there. I got close to her and sat with her, not sure how to start the conversation. So, we kept quiet and sitting there, till I felt pretty cold, and I said, “it’s so cold here”… She said, “that’s because your heart is cold”. “What do you mean?” “You kept saying you love him but from 2013 to 2016, but in fact you were cold to him when you had chance to make him become a significant one. Every destiny has 2 faces, which face it will show to the history depends on your own decision. It was yourself pushed him to someone else, now you are trying to ask me whether he is still the significant one in your life”. I looked at the sky and kept quiet, I did so many immature things in 2014 and pushed him further and further away, now I have overcome those shortages one by one, but he is no longer there to see my changes

Do I love him? I do.I love the way he treats his mom, he must be a great kid to his parents. I love the way he works, the way he thinks, the way he keeps quiet and all those unspeakable details. I love him when he said he was happy when I remembered his birthday in 2015 and I love him to be there online the day before his birthday in 2016, he is very lovely and sweet, but on his birthday, I was too tired in the afternoon because of the job hunting and final projects, I fell asleep the whole afternoon, when I woke up and be online again, he left immediately, I told him I traveled out because I didn’t want him to know that I slept the whole afternoon and think I am lazy, I was really too tired but how could I tell the one I love that I was tired; The Friday before his birthday I got the job offer and I wanted to tel him on that next Monday when I get paper offer. But everything was too late after his birthday… 

The Earth has swallowed all my sweet memories about him and will never return back to me, my heart is undertaking all those bitter memories and I have to learn to be happy again. Destiny said she will give me a gift if I will be focused. I have been focused for a long time and now I can control my emotion well, I can be very stable to do my work and my side projects and be nice to others. Am I good enough to get your gift? Could you bring Emmanuel back to my life?

 
